 .sProgram
 .sIdentifier
 .sParmEnd
   .sBegin
    .sSelStmt
        .sIdentifier
    .sExpnEnd
       .sInteger
     .sLabelEnd
      .sBegin
       .sAssignmentStmt
       .sIdentifier
           .sInteger
       .sExpnEnd
       .sAssignmentStmt
       .sIdentifier
           .sIdentifier
           .sInteger
         .sAdd
       .sExpnEnd
      .sEnd
       .sInteger
     .sLabelEnd
      .sBegin
       .sAssignmentStmt
       .sIdentifier
           .sInteger
       .sExpnEnd
       .sAssignmentStmt
       .sIdentifier
           .sIdentifier
           .sInteger
         .sSubtract
       .sExpnEnd
      .sEnd
    .sElse
     .sBegin
      .sAssignmentStmt
      .sIdentifier
          .sInteger
      .sExpnEnd
      .sAssignmentStmt
      .sIdentifier
          .sIdentifier
          .sInteger
         .sMultiply
      .sExpnEnd
     .sEnd
    .sSelEnd
   .sEnd

Errors reported by compiler: 
semantic error, line 3: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 3: expression operand required
semantic error, line 5: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 5: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 6: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 6: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 6: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 6: expression operand required
semantic error, line 8: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 8: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 9: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 9: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 9: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 9: expression operand required
semantic error, line 11: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 11: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 12: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 12: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 12: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 12: expression operand required
*** Processing aborted
