 .sProgram
 .sIdentifier
 .sParmEnd
   .sBegin
    .sIfStmt
        .sIdentifier
        .sInteger
     .sEq
    .sExpnEnd
    .sThen
     .sBegin
      .sAssignmentStmt
      .sIdentifier
          .sInteger
      .sExpnEnd
      .sAssignmentStmt
      .sIdentifier
          .sInteger
          .sIdentifier
        .sAdd
      .sExpnEnd
     .sEnd
    .sElse
     .sIfStmt
         .sIdentifier
         .sInteger
      .sNE
     .sExpnEnd
     .sThen
      .sBegin
       .sAssignmentStmt
       .sIdentifier
           .sIdentifier
       .sExpnEnd
       .sAssignmentStmt
       .sIdentifier
           .sIdentifier
           .sInteger
          .sMultiply
       .sExpnEnd
      .sEnd
     .sElse
      .sIfStmt
          .sIdentifier
          .sInteger
       .sEq
      .sExpnEnd
      .sThen
       .sBegin
        .sAssignmentStmt
        .sIdentifier
            .sIdentifier
        .sExpnEnd
        .sAssignmentStmt
        .sIdentifier
            .sIdentifier
            .sInteger
           .sDivide
        .sExpnEnd
        .sAssignmentStmt
        .sIdentifier
            .sIdentifier
            .sInteger
          .sSubtract
        .sExpnEnd
       .sEnd
   .sEnd

Errors reported by compiler: 
semantic error, line 2: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 2: expression operand required
semantic error, line 3: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 3: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 4: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 4: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 4: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 4: expression operand required
semantic error, line 5: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 5: expression operand required
semantic error, line 6: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 6: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 6: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 6: expression operand required
semantic error, line 7: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 7: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 7: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 7: expression operand required
semantic error, line 8: identifier not declared
semantic error, line 8: expression operand required
*** Processing aborted
